Update documentation to include Protocol 19 features (#673)
stellar/new-docs: content/docs/glossary/multisig.mdx

Each additional signer beyond the master key increases the account's [minimum balance](./minimum-balance.mdx).

> ## One-Time Extra Signers
> 
> You can require that a transaction have a particular signer that isn't associated with any of the accounts used in the transaction by including it in the [transaction validity precondition](./transactions.mdx#extra-signers).

Reviewer: Suggest using ubiquitous language for the title, and noting the one-time quality in the body.
```suggestion
## Extra Signers

You can require that a transaction have a particular signer that isn't associated with any of the accounts used in the transaction by including it in the [transaction validity precondition](./transactions.mdx#extra-signers). The extra signer applies only to that one transaction.
```

### Hash(x)

Adding a signer of type hash(x) allows anyone who knows `x` to sign the transaction. This type of signer is especially useful in [atomic cross-chain swaps](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Atomic_cross-chain_trading) which are needed for inter-blockchain protocols like [lightning networks](https://lightning.network).

First, create a random 256 bit value, which we call `x`. The SHA256 hash of that value can be added as a signer of type hash(x). Then in order to authorize a transaction, `x` is added as one of the signatures of the transaction. Keep in mind that `x` will be known to the world as soon as a transaction is submitted to the network with `x` as a signature. This means anyone will be able to sign for that account with the hash(x) signer at that point. Often you want there to be additional signers so someone must have a particular secret key and know `x` in order to reach the weight threshold required to authorize transactions on the account.

### Signed Payloads

> Adding a signed payload as a signer means that transactions with a signature on that payload by that signer are valid.

Reviewer: Suggest some changes for subtle clarity:
```suggestion
Adding a signed payload as a signer means that transactions with a signature, of a specified payload by a specified key, are valid.
```

Author: This is more confusing to me. "a specified" feels generic: specified where? whereas "that payload" is a back-reference to the prior mention of payload. Maybe "**the** specified"? And "specified key" is technically wrong since it's the private key that needs to sign, but it's not the one that's specified.. :laughing: this is hard to explain precisely

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
Adding a signed payload as a signer means that transactions are only valid if they are accompanied by a signature of the signer's payload. The signature must be produced using the private key corresponding to the public key specified in the signer.
```

> More verbosely, you add a signer of `(public key, payload)`, where the public key is the Stellar address of the expected signer and the payload is any arbitrary data of up to 64 bytes. A valid signature, then, is a signature on that payload by the private key corresponding to the public key. This is also described in [CAP-40](https://stellar.org/protocol/cap-40) which introduced this new signer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More verbosely, you add a signer of `(public key, payload)`, where the public key is a Stellar public key of the expected signer and the payload is any arbitrary data of 1 to 64 bytes in length. A valid signature, then, is a signature of that payload by the private key corresponding to the public key. This is also described in [CAP-40](https://stellar.org/protocol/cap-40) which introduced this new signer.
```

Author: ```suggestion
More verbosely, you add a signer of `(public key, payload)`, where the public key is the Stellar public key of the expected signer and the payload is 1 to 64 bytes of arbitrary data. A valid signature, then, is a signature of that payload by the private key corresponding to the public key. This is also described in [CAP-40](https://stellar.org/protocol/cap-40) which introduced this new signer.
```

Saying `address` is intended to explain that it's a `G...` value, but saying "where the public key is the Stellar public key" seems redundant...

> Like with [hash signers](#hashx), once the signature is revealed to the world, anyone would be able to use the signature as a valid signer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like with [hash signers](#hashx), once signed payload signature is revealed to the world, anyone is able to use the signature to authorize transactions that are contingent on the signed payload signer.
```
